Your head is on my mom's plate today
Dongzi
From now on, you will be the boss of Binhai Road
Thank you for the promotion
But
Your gang is not allowed to do anything illegal
Brother Dao, don't worry.
I will definitely go to work.
Hello, Leader Wang misses me again
Chen Xiaodong thinks about what trouble you have caused me again
Leading you is tailwind
This time I know who Hong Sijiu is
If you say it's useless, it's useless.
Leader, you may have wronged me this time.
Red 49 is a big poison in Binhai City
His thug was poisoned
The key is that there are also guns
He has done all kinds of evil for years
I'm doing it for the people, I don't care if you do it for the people
What I'm asking is
You boy
Since you have the ability to break into the red mansion alone
That means your boy's injury is healed
Hmm, what did I think it was?
It's healed.
The body is stronger than before
Here's the thing.
To your right is so powerful
Then why didn't you come back to report?
Do you want me to go to the baggage and return to the army in person?
Hey, lead this